docs: Clarify netdata.conf is comment-only with built-in defaults (#22823)
netdata/netdata: docs/netdata-agent/configuration/README.md

You configure your Netdata Agent using the main configuration file `netdata.conf`. This guide shows you how to locate, edit, and manage this configuration file.

:::note

> On a freshly installed system, `netdata.conf` contains only comments — instructions for how to obtain the running configuration (see [Edit Configuration Files](#edit-configuration-files) below). This is normal and expected. A comment-only file means the Agent is running with built-in defaults, and no changes are required unless you want to override those defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a freshly installed system, `netdata.conf` contains only comments and instructions for how to obtain the running configuration see [Edit Configuration Files](#edit-configuration-files) below. This is normal and expected, a comment-only file means the Agent is running with built-in defaults, and no changes are required unless you want to override those defaults.
```

> On a freshly installed system, `netdata.conf` contains only comments and instructions for how to obtain the running configuration see [Edit Configuration Files](#edit-configuration-files) below. This is normal and expected, a comment-only file means the Agent is running with built-in defaults, and no changes are required unless you want to override those defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a freshly installed system, `netdata.conf` contains only comments and instructions for how to obtain the running configuration. This is normal and expected, a comment-only file means the Agent is running with built-in defaults, and no changes are required unless you want to override those defaults.

Check below for [instructions on editing configuration files](#edit-configuration-files).
```
